Frotz -- An interpreter for all Infocom games
=============================================

Do you remember the old days of computing, as computers had just a
plain text screen?  In those old days, a kind of games was very
popular. It is called Interactive Fiction.  One company is still well
known for those kind of games: Infocom.

Now you can play many of those Infocom adventures on your Nokia 9000
Communicator.

And even if you do not remember, those games are just fun to play if
you find a great story more important than big graphics.

It includes those masterpices like

o    Zork I - III

o    Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy

o    Seastalker

Currently only (so called) Version 3 games are supported.  These are:

     Ballyhoo, Cutthroat, Deadline, Enchanter, Hitchhikers Guide to
     the Galaxy, Hollywood Hijinx, Infidel, Leather Goddesses Of
     Phobos, The Lurking Horror, Moonmist, Planetfall, Seastalker,
     Sorcerer, Spellbreaker, Starcross, Stationfall, Suspect,
     Suspended, Wishbringer, Witness, Zork I, Zork II, Zork III.

Be careful, some of those games are also released as Version 5, which
are currently not supported!

1. Legal Stuff / Copyright Informations
=======================================

This is not an official release.  It is only for demo purposes.  If
you distribute this version of Frotz, do not include the zork1.dat
file, because of legal reasons.  You can download the file from the
Activision website (http://www.activision.com/games/demos.asp).

Frotz for GEOS was ported by Gerd Boerrigter from Frotz Version 2.32
for DOS written by Stefan Jokisch in 1995-97. The GEOS version is
Copyright (c) 1998 by Breadbox Computer Company.

2. How to run a game
====================

The User Interface need still a bit more work.  So, to play a game, it
must be called zork1.dat and be stored in the DOCUMENT directory of
the Nokia 9000 (see frotz.ins for an example).

To quit the game, press the bottom button on the right side of the
Nokia screen or type quit at the prompt.  It closes the application,
but to have more room for the game itself, it does not say so.  Be
careful, the current game will be lost!  Use the save command on the
prompt to save the current game.

3. The Future
=============

Frotz will be available through Breadbox Computer Company later this
year.  The released version will be more user friendly and hopefully
also be able to support Version 5 games.

